welcome to another video recipe
demonstration of Coco's Mediterranean
cuisine thank you for joining me today I
am Coco and today we will be preparing
the toosh salad the douche is a Lebanese
salad made with fresh ingredients fresh
vegetables and it is seasoned with a
spice that adds to the Tanguts of this
lovely salad it is made with romaine
lettuce tomatoes radishes parsley leaves
mint leaves cucumbers green onions and
toasted pita bread made with tossed in a
vinaigrette addressing garlic lemon
juice and olive oil and seasoned with
swamp which is a spice that glows in the
Middle East region that can be found in
your local grocery store or at the
international food stores near you I
today I had purchased everything that we
have here for a local farm and this
recipe is
makes a great great compliment to a
poultry steak or fish you could have it
as a meal by itself by adding a chicken
breast or salmon off the grill or even
stay to it or if you prefer it's simply
as ash Italian dish you could go îsh it
with a little bit of feta cheese I
prepared everything here it's all ready
to incorporate together the romaine
lettuce is torn and bite-sized pieces we
will add one tomato here that is diced
radishes this is three or four radishes
these are three green onions that are
diced 1 cucumber peeled and dust as well
I prefer to keep the mint leaves whole
but you may use kitchen scissors and
snip them they tend to add a little bit
of food style to it when it's plated and
the perf that leaf parsley as well you
may prefer to cut it with scissors make
it look prettier once we have all the
ingredients here in a bowl we will add
the vinegar and the traditional recipe
calls for the grant to be fried but you
can also tilt it in the oven with a
brushing of olive oil and some salt to
annual more taste to it
you can add as much as one loaf that's
toast at the two loads depending on your
taste to juice your hands to incorporate
all the video games together and then
here we have the two tablespoons of
sunnah that already pre-measured you can
add that to the fattoush this is an
excellent one for tasting spice not only
does it add a citrus flavor to it but it
is beautiful pleasing to the eye as well
okay this is one of my favorite salads
it is very satisfying it is refreshing
and I prefer to have it as a meal on its
own without any vegetables or other
vegetables or wrong meats thank you for
joining me and for the recipe you may
visit me at my website at www was in
displaying reasonable
you